docs/source/Knowledge_Area/crashreport.rst, before:

++++++++++++++++++
Crash-Report Guide
++++++++++++++++++

If your game crashes and you want to get it solved we require the crash report which get automatically created.



FTB Launcher
============

1. Open the Launcher
2. Select the modpack, click on ``Edit Modpack`` and on ``Open Folder``.
3. Now you are in the ``mods`` folder, go back to the ``minecraft`` folder.
4. Open the ``crash-reports`` folder.
5. Paste the content of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
6. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
7. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.


Technic Launcher
================

1. Open the Launcher
2. Select the modpack and click on the small `gearwheel <https://i.imgur.com/23B1fW9.png>`_ below the modapck on the right site
3. Now you click on ``OpenFolder`` and open the ``crash-reports`` folder.
4. Paste the content of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
5. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
6. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.

ATLauncher
==========

todo

Commit message:

Added at launcher and curse

docs/source/Knowledge_Area/crashreport.rst, after:

++++++++++++++++++
Crash-Report Guide
++++++++++++++++++

If your game crashes and you want to get it solved we require the crash report which get automatically created.



FTB Launcher
============

1. Open the Launcher
2. Select the modpack, click on ``Edit Modpack`` and on ``Open Folder``.
3. Now you are in the ``mods`` folder, go back to the ``minecraft`` folder.
4. Open the ``crash-reports`` folder.
5. Paste the content of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
6. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
7. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.


Technic Launcher
================

1. Open the Launcher
2. Select the modpack and click on the small `gearwheel <https://i.imgur.com/23B1fW9.png>`_ below the modapck on the right site
3. Now you click on ``OpenFolder`` and open the ``crash-reports`` folder.
4. Paste the content of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
5. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
6. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.

ATLauncher
==========

1. Open the Launcher
2. Select ``instances``, and locate your pack. and 
3. Click ``Open Folder``and locate the ``crash-report`` folder.
4. Paste the content of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
5. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
6. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.

Curse Launcher
==============

1. Open the launcher.
2. Select ``Minecraft``, and locate your pack.
3. Right click and select ``Open folder``, then locate the ``crash-reports`` folder.
4. Paste the contents of the latest crash-report on `Pastebin <http://pastebin.com>`_.
5. Click on the ``Submit`` button and copy the web link.
6. Paste the link in the forum thread/webchat/ticket.
